Hi we didn't this lecture we are going to discuss what Swift's UI is.
So I'm going to create a new X code project for that and you don't have to do that by the way.
You can just watch this lecture without applying what I'm about to do.
Because this will be a small lecture just to give you an idea what that swift UI is so for example I'm
going to go for a serious UI test or swift UI intro as a product name.
And this time I'm going to check this you swift UI bugs if I click Next it will ask me where to place
it as usual and I'm going to create my application and immediately you will realize that there is something
different in our project.
So let me make this into a full screen so you can see better.
As you can see we have two sections right now on the right hand side.
We have something called Canvas and if you don't have this you can always open it from here Ed and you
can go for canvas in here as well.
If you say resume it will create a preview of your current app and on the left hand side we have something
called content for you in which we have one text saying hello world and then I mean that you will see
how does this look like in a real app.
And this is one of the beauties of the Swift UI.
It will just show you a light preview of your app so if you make changes on your app it will appear
on the right hand side and even you can play this like a simulator and you can click on buttons you
can go to other views and stuff without having to run simulator at all.
So as you might realize this is completely different structure than what we have seen in the course
so far.
We have something called struct where you're going to see what it is later on.
This is something like class but we haven't even seen what the class is yet.
So I'm not going to go into details all that I should tell you right now is that this is completely
different set up so we don't have we have controllers in swift UI.
We have views we don't have main storyboards and swift UI.
We just write what we want in here and it will happen for us as you can see if I say Halo series UI
it will appear on the right hand side so I can add some much more.
We use over here as well.
Okay.
So I can say text Halo but in order to do that I will have to create something called stack.
So vertical stack.
Okay.
So if I do vertical it will stack up the views in a vertical alignment.
I'm not telling I'm not teaching.
You have to use swift UI right now.
I'm just doing some stuff so you can see how swift the UI is acting how to work with swift UI how does
it feel to work with swift UI for example I put the spacer between tax and it just ad space it's really
cool.
By the way I really like the Swift UI but we have to be prepared for the main storyboards and we had
to be prepared for to make swift UI and we have to know it all at this stage in the U.S. development
maybe two years later.
We don't have to learn about main storyboards at all.
But for right now you have to learn that if you want to be a professional U.S. developer or if you want
to create your own apps it doesn't matter you have to learn about main storyboards.
You have to learn about swift UI.
Anyway at this point.
So again we're not going to do much over here I'm not even going to share this project with you because
we didn't do anything and we will have some dedicated section to switch to UI later on when we master
this fifth and when we master our U.S. development after the advanced sections we can go for a swift
UI.
Right now we will stop here and following the next section we're going to go ahead and learn about advanced
IRS techniques so that we can use them in our apps.